# SWP391-Werewolves-Web-Game
This is project Werewolves Web Game. A rendition of a classic beloved

# Link: 
[https://www.figma.com/file/9958zxvEMy7STHGuWLrvzd/SWP391-Werewolves-Web-Game?type=design&node-id=102%3A31&t=B7VoBOuDCc48biC5-1](https://www.figma.com/file/oUXW6thST6MDXWSbMxsq86/Version-1.0?type=design&node-id=1%3A16&t=XasYI0Ma6SgEhRCy-1)

## 1. Context

For students in FPT University, Werewolves is one of the most common boardgames to play since it is simple yet challenging in terms of using logical thoughts to define the truth around everyone. Most people will think of it as a great way to relax and have some fun around logical thoughts.

## 2. Problem

Mostly, all players might encounter the unbalance thanks to the development of the Extensions pack where additional roles and scripts might cause some specific roles to have an advantage upon playing.

Also, playing online has a lot of problems in terms of communication and having everyone to debate among themselves.

## 3. Proposed Solutions (3-4 Sentences)

With that in mind, our team suggest a Web Game design specifically for all lovers of Werewolves, with enhancement from various popular rendition of this beloved favorites.

## 4. Main Actors

Three

- User - Or rather call as “Players” in Game Design Terminology. These users can host or play a game
- ADMIN - The highest role, every ADMIN will be responsible for managing the server, as well as tracking the system with the help from the reports generated by the Moderator.

## 5. Main Features

- For Users
    - Log In - Sign Up : They will be able to create a new account to join in or log in with their existed account.
    - Create a Lobby: Create and host their own lobby for the game
    - Join a Custom Lobby: Join a lobby using the lobby’s Code.
    - View and Modify Account: View their basic information such as Username, Email, their Avatar. While viewing, users can also choose to modify the information.
    - View History: Users can view their recent matches status. These status include their winning/losing status, assigned roles, matches duration and the time the matches start.
- For ADMIN:
    - Managing Users and Moderators
    - Assigned Roles: ADMINs can assign who will be Users and who will be Moderator.

## 6. Business Rules - Quy Tắc Nghiệp Vụ

Business Rules will determine the Requirements.

- Werewolves Rules:
    - Before the match, the system will automatically and randomly assign roles for players.
    - Players will be assigned into two different sides:
        - Werewolves Side: They are all Werewolves. Their job is kill most of the villagers and they will claim the win.
        - Villagers Side: They are all Villagers. Their job is to find out who among them are Werewolves and find a way to hang them up in order to win.
        - Since the web game focusing on the basic version of Werewolves, here are the roles that players will be assigned:
            - **Werewolves**: They belong to the *Werewolves Side*. Each night, they will decide who they will kill.
            - **Villagers**: They belong to the *Villagers Side*. They don’t have any special ability.
            - **Witch**: They belong to the *Villagers Side*. *The Witch has 2 bottles: One to Save, One to Kill. The Witch can use Save bottle to save someone from being killed, while the Kill bottle can be used to kill somebody.*
            - **Protector**: First and foremost a part of the *Villagers Side*, *Protectors can protect one person per night from the potential of being killed.*
            - **Hunter**: Also a part of the *Villagers*, *Hunters can choose someone to die along if Hunter die at that night.*
            - **Seer**: Seer is a *Villager* who can foresees everyone’s goodness inside. *When choose someone to check, Seer will be revealed that that person is good or bad.(Good means they belong to the Villagers Side, Bad means they belong to the Werewolves Side).*
    - Game will have two phases: **Night Phase** and **Day Phase**
        - ***Night Phase***: During night phase, all players except the Villagers will use their special ability.
        - ***Day Phase:*** During day phase, players will be revealed who died on the previous night. Then, the group begins debating and deciding on who’s the killer, or to be more exact, who are the Werewolves. After some time, everyone will begin voting on who they think should be hang up and being executed. The person with the majority votes from the group will have 30 seconds to explain themselves out. Then, the group will decide through the explanation whether or not should the group decides to kill the hanging person. If the majority votes that that person is Safe, they will be safe and can continue to play for another night, while Die vote means that the hanging person will die.
        - The cycle will go on until the ratio of people in the Werewolves Side and people in the Villagers Side are even (ex. 3 Werewolves and 3 Villagers) or Villagers Side has found out who are the Werewolves.
